1289681663
AddRoleToUser	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022022242_add_role_to_user.rb	class AddRoleToUser 
AddTimeZoneToUsers	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022034902_add_time_zone_to_users.rb	class AddTimeZoneToUsers 
AddUserIdToEvents	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101025015055_add_user_id_to_events.rb	class AddUserIdToEvents 
Application	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateEvents	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022023029_create_events.rb	class CreateEvents 
DeviseCreateUsers	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101018034325_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Event	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/models/event.rb	class Event 
EventsController	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	class EventsController 
EventsHelper	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/helpers/events_helper.rb	module EventsHelper
Sevenboxes	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/config/application.rb	module Sevenboxes
User	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/models/user.rb	class User 
create	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101018034325_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022022242_add_role_to_user.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022023029_create_events.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022034902_add_time_zone_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101025015055_add_user_id_to_events.rb	  def self.down
edit	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def index
listing_date	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/models/event.rb	  def listing_date
new	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def new
per_page	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/models/event.rb	  cattr_reader :per_page
set_user_time_zone	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def set_user_time_zone
show	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def show
slider_date	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/models/event.rb	  def slider_date
up	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101018034325_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022022242_add_role_to_user.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022023029_create_events.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101022034902_add_time_zone_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/db/migrate/20101025015055_add_user_id_to_events.rb	  def self.up
update	/Users/bakedweb/Desktop/idea/sevenboxes/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def update
